# Course - Deep Learning | CPSC 8430 | Homework 2

**CUID:** C26913545

Welcome to the repository for Homework 2 of the Deep Learning course (CPSC 8430). This repository contains all the necessary files and .py files for the second assignment.

# Note
GitHub only accepts file sizes less than **25MB**, and the model I have generated in this assignment is **49 MB** (> 25MB). Therefore, I have uploaded my model to Google Drive and am sharing the link below. I request TA to consider this, download the **Prateek_Choudavarpu_seq2seq_model.h5** file available in the link below, and then execute the **test_seq2seq.py** file using **hw2_seq2seq** shell script.

## Steps to obtain the BLEU Score:

**Step 1** - First, download the model from the link provided in the _HW2_Trained Model Link_Prateek Choudavarpu.pdf_ file, which you could find the repository. 

**Step 2** - To execute the _test_seq2seq.py_ file, execute the _hw2_seq2seq.sh_ shell script, which internally has the following code: 
- ```bash
  python3 test_seq2seq.py $1 $2
  ```
- In the above step, $1 and $2 are the parameters, where the first parameter requires us to pass the _path of the dataset_, and the second parameter requires the _output text file_, which stores video IDs along with the corresponding captions generated by **Prateek_Choudavarpu_seq2seq_model.h5** model.
- Consider the below code to run the _hw2_seq2seq.sh_ shell script.
- ```bash
  ./hw2_seq2seq.sh testing_data/feat result_output_testset.txt
  ```

  ## Result:
  - After successfully executing the above steps, the **result_output_testset.txt** file would be produced and **Bleu Score** with a value of **0.71** (approximately) could be seen in the terminal.
